About Soulcial

Soulcial is an AI-driven decentralized social protocol on opBNB. Based on the multi-dimensional social evaluation model, users can get their own on-chain Soul Index, SBTI, and credible social identity. At the same time, AIGC will help users generate Soul Avatar NFT from SBTI. With innovative price discovery protocol and metaverse governance mechanism, it helps everyones menetize their social activites with growing price. Soulcial helps everyone connect efficiently and realizes Connect2Earn.

Innovation: 

Web3 based Social Metrics: Our project establishes a social scoring model, called SBTI, driven by historical transaction activities and real-world data. SBTI is a dashboard that provides a comprehensive overview of on-chain and off-chain activities.  It can help huge numbers of users in Web2 begin their Web3 journey.

Cast Web3 Souls: Based on accumulating SBTI and personality traits, users can co-create with AI and generate SoulCast NFTs as personalized social assets.  The metadata of this NFT will record the user's current SBTI as well as interest tags. Because it is generated by AI, creative content will have a high degree of freedom and diversity, and the threshold for creation will be greatly reduced. Users will also have more interactions around soulcast in the future.

Connect2Earn: We provide liquidity incentive pools to guide users to make connections through collecting more social assets. Users who place more bids for SoulCast will be rewarded with more tokens.
